After that maybe korean or Japanese, Thai or Vietnamese also would be interesting to learn I guess
More to spoken ... at least can speak well... japanese n French... dun need to really know who to write... mayb can read a little... jus for speaking...
I have been learning Japanese for the past few years since I love traveling and hiking in Japan.
In fact, I just came back from Japan last month, and knowing the language made the trip much more enjoyable as I was able to converse with native Japanese speakers.
i have a friend who is chinese born & Raise by chinese parent but cant speak chinese...hahaha but can speak malay & Thai... slap forehead...hahaha
I want to learn Japanese can request the chat models to perform my request
For me, can already speak English. Now learning Bahasa. Hopefully after bahasa can try chiong Thai?
Been wanting to learn Thai but Duolingo don't have leh, any good apps to recommend
Vietnamese and Japanese, just basic conversation is good, useful for travelling.
If I had all the time and money in the world, I'd probably start with Spanish since it's so widely spoken and then move on to French for its elegance.
Currently learning Indonesia via Duolingo, wanted to wait for Malay language to come out but for so long still never introduce Malay course.
After seeing how a Malaysian youtuber using Malay to converse with local Indonesians while holidaying in Indonesia
so i thought I learn Indonesia in Duolingo first.Turns out Indonesian and Malay have many similar vocabulary after cross checking in google translate.
Can start by learning via Duolingo to set up the foundations first. It will be easier when you get started for real later on.
Yeah downloaded before. But too exhausted by work most of the time. Too little time and energy but too many things to learn.
To indirectly learn Malay, learn for fun every day learn 5 to 10 mins will do. Just to maintain streaks
Took French up to the beginning of A2, then class got axed due to insufficient headcount.
I'm an old man taking class with kids who are having O level. Parents pulled them out to focus on exams.
there's no shortcut. start by memorizing the alphabets. start with phrases and memorize how to read, speak and write every alphabet and the word as a whole
i don't use language learning apps. use several dictionaries instead. those that can read out the words and provide meanings.
also use browser extensions that provide pronunciations and meanings when hovering over foreign words
you will realize google translate is quite lousy. most foreign words won't be translated from english to the exact native lingo used. the reverse is fine but not english to foreign
Japanese and Thai. I realize for Japanese you need to speak to the local, they use efficient short forms japanese.
The reason is because they somehow have roots to Chinese language and they have a lot of loanwords from in the English language.
I can use it to communicate with foreigners when they come to Singapore or when I go overseas
I think Jap is very popular. Many want to learn this (including me). It is also easy to travel to the country if you know how to speak their native language.
I'd love to learn Japanese because I'm into anime and the culture. Plus, it'd be awesome to travel there someday and actually understand what's going on!
Every other week my friends and I ask what to do in Singapore and we always have no clue lol
I totally agree! I enjoy looking for good and affordable food places in Singapore, both in the malls and hawker centres.
Visit cafe in singapore. Can eat and hang out with your friends. There is this not bad dessert cafe located in Chinatown called Sweetea Cafe.
i like to lepak with my friends at sentosa. Now USS also open liao. Might go there soon. a lot discounts online.
Are you the sandwiched generation with parents to take care of...they may not be living with you
meaning you have to drive or take bus there to run some errands for them sometimes, and at the same time have your own family with young children
The best adrenaline rush activities in SG are always illegal-by-law. Needs to apply for permit everytime.
work out might be the best way out. i went thru mine by jogging now, which I am going thru now.
in my previous one, i down myself by lots of alcohol, till my hand trembles if i do not get my fix for the day.
Be grateful and thankful. At times, if it is not meant to be, it is not meant to be. Chinese people love to use the phrase 
So accept it and move on, because there is plenty of fish in the sea. Don't forget it is better to break up now than to have to contend with being in a marriage and divorcing later.
If you want to win her heart back, go practice an instrument such as a guitar and then after a few years have passed and you become a master at playing the guitar
If you suffering from all the sadness just go eat some happy food or go chat with your good brother/buddy and explain your pains to that person.
You just need a person that truly understands you and then you build your connection with her. As long as the looks are above average she could be the one
I pay full for everything - renovation, furniture, branded goods, travel... except car and house..
Better to manage finances, knowing if you can truly afford an item. Even for my cars, I always budget based on lump sum payment.
if there is no interest on the installment vs lump payment, I will choose instalment. It's literally give you an interest free loan.
Only do installments when you are prepared to pay in full, put aside and always be ready to pay in full.
Installment if it's interest free and you won't feel heart pain when suddenly a large sum of money being withdrawn from your bank account.
For big ticket items like car and house, this one no choice. But for the rest, if I can afford I will fully pay off, if I cannot afford I wont buy.
You can pay in full doesn't mean you should. As many said its interest free loan and that extra money in your HISA will be earning interest.
Doesn't feel like much but if you practice this in your whole life, your savings will be substantial.
You should see your cash as available cash flow and allow your money to work for you as long as possible.
Think about it, if your 1K did nothing and stay in your bank account longer, you get to enjoy the interest earned.
they will usually force you to either take their loan or apply a higher selling price if you want to pay in full. 
Only take installment if there are benefits such as earn credit card points without increase in total payment or discount and enough cash to pay off in one shot.
Other than affordable housing, if the rest needs to take installment, means beyond your reach.
Once you start justifying this purchase should take loan.. it will be the start of many & will slowly snowball eventually.
Nowadays, we got credit-card interest-free installment. But be careful not to fell for the lapse payment trap.
Unless car n property else I show hand. If I no money I save up except these 2 or I don’t buy now no buy watches.
What I do is I save up in instalments then pay one shot for big ticket items. Rather pay with what I have then pay with future money.
Installment no points unless you using those card that can earn rebate/cash back....which is not as worth as points.
Its myopic to assume that going for instalments is a question of affordability. Instalment payment is essentially a free loan with no interest.
Decades ago, as a newly wed, and lowly paid junior executive, I used to buy my AV product for my new home, and learnt the hard way
Its better save up and by the time you got the cash, you will be paying same for a better upgraded futuristic product
consider rate of interest? if for credit card deals, have to keep tracking and make sure u pay monthly. but of cos if i have money i prefer lump sum. 
The worst is those type of financially illiterate people who insist on not paying instalments like its some kind of sin.
There are some possibilities people need to consider before deciding to pay instalment or lump sum. I will breakdown as much as possible.
Are there any other fees might be occurred if you choose to pay instalment? For example, normally the credit card annual fees are easily be waived. 
will you be able to use that cash money to earn more money which the yield is higher than the instalment interest?
If yes, then pay instalment and use the cash to earn money. Else pay lump sum, no point to keep the cash and pay interest.
However, by choosing the latter, I can effectively channel even more cash flow into buying more shares and get rewarded in stock growth or dividends.
In that case paying in full is always favourable unless your bank account can earn more than the rebates annually
If the reason for instalment is because you can't afford the item full sum, then you need to recheck your priorities brother
I thought installment plan will depends on the value of the item and whether the depreciation of the item will outweigh the installment amount?
if u have the money then just go for the lump sum payment but if u are running short and u really wanna buy that product then installment is the way.
Mostly Malaysian used the concept of "instalment" for everything - when covid strike, all domino effects so i guess a hard lesson for everyone. 
If it is interest-free, installments have the benefit of allowing you to hold onto more money for investments or savings that can help you draw out interests
Rule of thumb should be, "If you are not able to pay for double the price in lump sum, you cannot afford it."
it depends on your cashflow, if you have enough money in the bank to pay in full and it is not doing anything.
then just pay in full. If you have enough money but its held up in some sort of investment. then its better to pay in instalment.
Hold back the temptation, save up enough then lump sum. Many instalments will also add up to a huge lump sum.
I chose installment anytime If it is B. Before you say no such thing, you go do your research Before embarrassing yourself.
I think for most people, its a want, not a need. And want because its interest free and you can use the money for investments or other expenses.
If you want guaranteed fee waiver, make sure you don't have carry over balance. meaning every month you pay off full amount. don't have carry over.
I prefer instalment whenever available. I don't spend that much and definitely nothing more than I can afford to repay monthly.
Furthermore, many interest free installments are now capped at X months instead of the full installment period now. 
So full or unless you are really cock sure that the money saved will help you in 6 months, then by all means go ahead. But remember 6 months is a very short time.
paying via installment will have an impact on your credit bureau, especially so if you intend to purchase flats or taking a huge loan from banks in the future.
Full for everything except car or or home as both may be flipped later. I refuse to pay in installments with my credit card.
Make most people buy stuff they cannot afford in the first place. Spending future money which they do not have yet.
upfront if the opportunity to earn extra miles is available, or if i am trying to hit minimum spending. otherwise, instalments if 0 percent.
Always upfront payment for me. The only exception is my apartment, and I'm trying to accelerate the repayment.
the whole purpose for these pay in installment thing even if no interest is so that it entices you to spend more money since you do not need to pay 1 shot in full.
cause unless u keep track on ur instalment, u will end up spend more. cause u will forget about ur instalment end up add more spending.
Definitely lump sump payment. Don't like debts. Instalments only for housing mortgage and car instalments.
I prefer one lump sum because if I am unable to afford the one lump sum, it means that I can do without it.
Used installment only once. Bought a tv on installment as a gift was included if 3-year installment with no interest.
Besides, it can be said u lost money because by paying early, there's opportunity cost to it which is giving up money that could have earned
I actually did instalments for my Apple laptop.. I could pay off lump sum, but I just want to slowly pay off since interest free..
Other items we paid via credit card installments that are interest free or credit card payments that are fully cleared by the bill comes.
installment or lumpsum also can. So long as you have the means to pay when the bill comes
I'm all about the lump sum! It just feels cleaner and simpler, you know? How about you?


